Carry acr_values and max_age in the code flow authorization request (#54786)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/security-oidc-code-flow-authentication.adoc

[source,properties]
----
quarkus.http.auth.proactive=false <1>
----
<1> Disable proactive authentication so that the `@AuthenticationContext` annotation can be matched with the endpoint before Quarkus authenticates incoming requests.

The authorization request to the OIDC provider includes the `acr_values` parameter listing the required ACR values, and the `max_age` parameter when the annotation's `maxAge` attribute is set.

When the current session does not provide the required authentication level, for example, because the ID token `acr` claim does not list the required ACR values, the user is redirected to the OIDC provider to re-authenticate.
This redirect also includes the `acr_values` parameter, so the provider can request a stronger authentication method, for example, a multi-factor authentication, before issuing new tokens.

How the requested ACR values are enforced is specific to each OIDC provider.
For example, see the link:https://www.keycloak.org/docs/latest/server_admin/index.html#_step-up-flow[Keycloak Step-up Authentication] documentation describing how Keycloak maps ACR values to Levels of Authentication (LoA) in browser authentication flows.

> For more information about how the `acr` claim is verified, see the xref:security-oidc-bearer-token-authentication.adoc#step-up-authentication[Step Up Authentication] section of the Quarkus OIDC Bearer token authentication guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information about how a required authentication level is enforced in a Bearer token authentication flow, see the xref:security-oidc-bearer-token-authentication.adoc#step-up-authentication[Step Up Authentication] section of the Quarkus OIDC Bearer token authentication guide.
```
